next up on the itinerary is Italy and
it's only about three meters away
Sarat sir cafe restaurant and pizzeria
boozes italy from the woodfired pizza
oven to the coffee the chilled out
drinks to daniel the owner who can hold
an audience for hours there you got a
few things in there butter
thanks seasoning and mashed potato of
course mashed potato yeah hot and mashed
potatoes the key ingredient to Jon's
beautiful Miyake at Turan sir perfectly
needed rolled and chopped looks easy
not till you try it why not I think I
should stick to singing but with a
little help
man Yogi's on the boil into an ice bath
to stop the cooking and dipped in a
creamy gorgonzola cheese sauce YUM
delicious must have been one one also on
the turrets a menu anti-pesto platter
with calamari mussels olives mushrooms
and rice balls 300 grams of eiffel at
stake topped with scampi seafood risotto
with mussels calamari prawns and crab
and from the pizza oven Suprema with the
whole Italian lineup of salami sausage
olives capsicum mushroom onion oregano
garlic mozzarella and napolitana sauce
and tempted as I am to sneak in the
panna cotta with berries you all know
that I'm a big kid at heart so for a
closing number how could I go past a
Nutella pizza
it's a showstopper
Sarat say cafe restaurant and pizzeria
gets a standing ovation
we'll get type on nine four one nine
five 304 and you can chat there any
chats one on me cuz I'll give away a
meal for two at Toronto and